Agriculture is the key source of food and considered as the basis of the human

being's life. Agricultural growth is one of the major factors in the economic growth

of the any developing countries like India, Nepal, Pakistan, Srilanka, etc. The

researcher has found that the agricultural production is not increasing as compared

to the growth of population [1]. The main reason for this hampered production of

agriculture is that most of the farmers are using the traditional method of agriculture

as by planting the same crops for centuries, but over the periods, soil conditions,

weather patterns and epidemics of pests and diseases have changed accordingly.

The forecast of the estimated world population is 9.8 billion by 2050, which is 25%

more than the current population [2]. By keeping in view this figure, we need to

produce more crop, not only for food, but also equally for the industrial crop like

cotton, rubber, etc. The rapid increase in global population and high demand of

quality products intensify the modernization and automation of agricultural prac-

tices which provide high efficiency and precision in the use of water and other

resources like pesticides, fertilizers, etc. Today's farm activity is static and manual,

which need to be more dynamic and intelligent. It is only possible by automatic

farm activities by using information and communication technology, which is

presently a key factor in the human's daily life.

The Internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), cloud computing and

edge computing are taking important roles to enhance the productivity of agricul-

tural land in a precise manner. Technologies such as IoT-based monitoring of crops

and soil, analysis of data through artificial intelligence for taking appropriate

decision, automated irrigation system and weather monitoring and forecasting are in

huge demand to improve the crop quality and detect the diseases in pests and plants

resulting in enhancing crop productivity with a considerable decrease in farmers'

dependency on human labours. The crop field can be monitored with the help of

IoT devices and sensors. The edge computing collects sensor data from the crop

field and sends it to the cloud where the data are processed and analysed to take a

correct measure based on the analysis. So, there will be increased in production of

crop, and it will also reduce the usage of water, fertilizer and pesticides in the field

crop.

Agriculture is also a data-intensive industry which needs to collect and evaluate

the information from the huge numbers of devices (e.g. sensors, automatic farm

machineries and smart agribots) to make the production more efficient and keep

appropriate information for future use [3]. This kind of the IoT-based agricultural

system can be used to make farm activities automatic. The main applications,

services delivered and sensors used in IoT-based smart agriculture are given in

Table 1.

In this paper, we have presented a systematic review of advances in IoT-based

technologies for smart agricultural system which consist of reviews on different

submodules of the system, e.g. soil health monitoring, crop health monitoring,

weather forecasting and smart irrigation along with the architecture of the whole